# Drug-Survey

# Introduction
In this project we are working with the National Survey on Drug Use and Health(NSDUH) from 2002-2014. The survey on average polls 55,600 people per year asking questions about their drug use or non-use, mental health, treatment received, education, age, etc. The survey's participants' adresses and contact information is separated from the dataset. All the participants are at least 12 years of age. The survey is conducted by the United States federal government. The data is free to download off the Inter-university Consortium for Political and Social Research(ICPSR) website. https://www.icpsr.umich.edu/web/pages/ICPSR/index.html

There is a wealth of data collected about various drugs and their derivatives in this survey. For the scope of this project we are only interested in cigarettes, alcohol, crack, heroin and cocaine. These are five drugs that the general public is familiar with and therefore might gain insight into how they are personally affected.

We have a simple question for this project. Can we build a profile of a person who is more likely than others to be a habitual user of cigarettes or alcohol? Can we build a profile of a person who is more likely than others to try crack, heroin or cocaine? There was simply not enough cases of people admitting that they were habitual users of crack, cocaine and heroin. For reference only 22 people out of 55,000+ claimed themselves as habitual users of crack for the 2011 survey. Then can we build a machine learning model that can accurately predict given a certain profile, whether the person is a habitual user of alcohol and cigarettes or has tried hard drugs or not?
